chore: fix typo and url link (#93)
camaraproject/BlockchainPublicAddress: documentation/MeetingMinutes/README.MD

## RELEVANT INFORMATION

> Since 4th April WG Meeting, meeting minutes are placed in [CAMARA Blockchain Public Address WG Wiki Confluence site](https://lf-camaraproject.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/CAM/pages/14553270/Minutes+-+BlockchainPublicAddress+Meetings)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since 4th April WG Meeting, meeting minutes are placed in [CAMARA Blockchain Public Address WG Wiki Confluence site](https://lf-camaraproject.atlassian.net/wiki/x/thDe)
```
